/* 
 * Stuff to keep in mind:
 * There are two images that appear at certain points: shadow gif and neural tangle
 * User auto-replies "Who is this?"
 *	(See main js for timing of those)
 * Then, in here, there are a few points differing from original poem:
 * 	There's a parenthetical note saying you can skip by saying bye
 *	There's an actual link to the fake fruit story
 *	And at the end, it says thanks for listening, bye, and gives link to next page
 */

var poemText = `The reason tartigrades are titled Water Bears is
 because Goeze, in the first paper published abo
 ut tartigrades stated: “Strange is this animal… because
  it resembles a bear in miniature,” this description was used
  to call the strange creatures bears. Th
 e reason they are called “Water Bears” and not just 
 is because they normally live in water.
2.   The way the tartigrade reacts to dehydratio
n is by sending a sugar called trehalose to replac
e the lost water in their cells before they curl up into 
little balls called tuns, where their metabolis
m decreases to an astonishing 0.01 percent of normal or is entirely undetectable.
3.  An astrobiologist might be interested in tar
tigrades because they can survive in cryptobiosis 
therefore they have the ability to be transferred by panspermia 
(hitching a ride on meteorites to tra
vel to different planets.)
4.  The number of tartigrades thought to be dis
covered may be misleading because the same species of 
tartigrade may have been discovered may have been “discovered”
more than once due to the poor des
criptions of earlier studies.
5.  Tartigrades prefer living on moss and lichen
 because of the wet/dry cycles that happen on the two plants 
 often. These wet/dry cycles allow tartigrades to easily 
 outcompete other organisms for food beca
 use they are best at surviving the wide range of wet and dry.
6.  Tartigrades and arthropods are similar because they both 
grow by molting. Tartigrades and arthropods are different however, 
because tartigrades have un-j
oined appendages while arthropods’ are joined. Arthropods 
and tartigrades are also different because while arthropods have jaws,
a tartigrade has a spear-like 
mouth called a stylet.
7.  Tartigrades are not commonly found in the fossil record 
because the small and soft bodies of a tartigrade don’t make 
good fossils and are hard to see.
8.  Tartigrades are good candidates for panspermia
because they can survive in extreme conditions, like the vacuum 
of space, making it a near perfect candidate for riding comets through space.
9.  Tartigrades are more common in Temperate and 
Polar Regions than in the tropics but no one knows why. Even 
places that would seem like perfect environments for tartigrades 
turn out not to home any. The way 
tartigrades are distributed throughout the planet is by being 
blown on the wind while clinging to their flakes of lichen, 
being digested by a bird to be 
deposited somewhere or any other form of transportation 
available to these tiny creatures.`